Daxia cooking oil
National bravery
The Chen family is the brother of Great Xia
I don't even have the courage
Chen family, Chen family
I really lost my yellow skin and thin face
Since you are afraid of losing
Then forget it.
I will inform major foreign media
Let the world know
The first noble family in the building
Name does not corrode
Indulge the heroes of the world
All enter the Great Xia Palace
Great Xia Norway
Enough to threaten all directions
The mighty teacher is invincible
Tierong'er and others of my generation are here to destroy the stick
Lafayette is angry
I mean your Chen family lost Daxia's people
Perhaps the people of Great Xia
All hot-blooded boys
But your Chen family
Your guts
Even the children of my Fuso country are not as good as
Oh father
absolutely not!
It's about the face of the hero
If the Chen family wins
That is a pivotal work
If we lose
The hero's Enwei will be gone
General, look
Sir, I'm sorry
Why don't I want to take the gauntlet?
It's a pity
Fuso's gauntlet is a crime for the Chen family
I have broken off my marriage to Chen Bufan
What qualifications do you have to help you?
Chen Bufan divorced me for him
Otherwise, Lafayette, ask him if he dares to
Why not?
Coco me me one